1) As a user, I want to be able to login to Slackr, so that I can access my account.
2) As a user, I want to be able to create an account, so that I can message my fellow students.
3) As a user, I want to be able to reset my password, so that I can access my account if I forget my password.
4) As a user, I want to be able to logout of my account, so that I can keep my data protected.
5) As a user, I want to be able to create a channel, so that I can communicate with people more easily.
6) As a user, I want to be able to list all my channels, so I can keep track of all channels I am part of.
7) As a user, I want to be able to see all public channels, so that I can see if any of them intrigue me.
8) As a user, I want to be able to join a channel, so that I can communicate with people with common goals and ideas.
9) As a user, I want to be able to see which channel I am currently in so that I can know the context of the messages.
10) As a user, I want to be able to see the other members of the channel, so that I can know who else is part of the channel.
11) As a user, I want to be able to see the messages in the channel, so that I know what is being discussed.
12) As a user, I want to be able to see the owner of the channel, so that I can determine who the authority is.
13) As a user, I want to be able to add users to the channel, so that people can be part of channels/discussions.
14) As a user, I want to be able to leave a channel, so that if it is no longer relevant I don't need to be a part of it.
15) As an owner, I want to be able to make other users owners, so that they can co-manage the channel.
16) As a user, I want to be able to send messages, so that other people can know about my thoughts.
17) As a user, I want to be able to add someone to the channel, so that more people can benefit from the discussion.
18) As a user, I want to be able to pin a message, so that I can add important information.
19) As a user, I want to be able to unpin a message, so that I can remove a piece of irrelevant information.
20) As a user, I want to be able to react to a message, so that I can show my reaction to something.
21) As a user, I want to be able to unreact to a message, so that I can change or remove my reactions.
22) As a user, I want to be able to delete a message, so that I can remove something irrelevant.
23) As a user, I want to be able to enable a standup, so that I can summarise a discussion.
24) As a user, I want to be able to send a message at a later date, so that it can be sent at a more appropriate time.
25) As a user, I want to be able to search for messages, so that I can find past messages.
26) As an admin, I want to be able to make other users admins, so that they can also co-manage things.
27) As a User, I should be able to see the channel's information, so that I can know more about the channel.
28) As a user, I want to be able to view another user's profile, so that I can see their information.
29) As a user, I want to be able to edit my profile, so that I can keep my details up to date.